README.md, before:

# Git Training

- ... covers the basics of Git and how to work with it.
- ... includes examples for Git's command line interface (CLI) and the Git GUI [Fork](https://git-fork.com/).
- ... lists useful Visual Studio Code (VS Code) extensions.

## Prerequisites

1. Set up an account on the company's Bitbucket (or another Version Control System (VCS)).
2. Set up [Fork](https://git-fork.com/) or another Git GUI.
3. Set up a personal account on a VCS (e.g. GitHub).
4. Create an SSH key and connect it to your Bitbucket and GitHub accounts and GUI.
5. Install and setup VS Code (or another IDE).

## Table of Contents

- [What is Git?](docs/what-is-git.md)
- [Repository](docs/repository.md)
- [Branches](docs/branches.md)
  - What is a branch and what does it do?
  - Local vs remote branches
  - Working with branches (`git branch` & `git checkout`)
- [Workflow: Making changes](docs/workflow-making-changes.md)
  - Staging changes (`git add`)
  - Keeping an overview
    - Status of current changes (`git status`)
    - History (`git log`)
    - Details per line (`git blame`)
  - Committing changes (`git commit`)
    - Amending changes to previous commits (`--amend`)
  - Stashing changes (`git stash`)
  - Comparing changes (`git diff`)
  - Reset (`git reset`) *#advanced*
  - Revert (`git revert`) *#advanced* *#caution (ask a peer for support)*
- Workflow: Synchronizing changes
  - Fetch vs Pull (`git fetch` & `git pull`)
  - Push & Force Push (`git push`)
  - Rebase (`git rebase`)
  - Dealing with merge conflicts
  - Tags (`git tag`)
  - Cherry picking (`git cherry-pick`)
- Best Practices
  - Git-flow
  - Conventional commits
  - VS Code extensions
- [Glossary](docs/glossary.md)

## Further resources

- [Learn Git Branching](https://learngitbranching.js.org/)
: an interactive tutorial in the **browser** for working with Git
- [Oh My Git!](https://ohmygit.org/)
: a game for learning git
- [Git's guide](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2)
: the official written guide - very detailed, also available in [German](https://git-scm.com/book/de/v2) and other languages
- [Atlassian's guide](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/setting-up-a-repository)
: a written guide with many examples

Commit message:

Pull request #9: feat(ssh): add ssh digression
Merge in U3UIWS/ausbildung-git from feature/ssh-discourse to main

Squashed commit of the following:

commit 2ce3356097ed5817d20fa8690b521bf459e1f237
Author: Cornelia <cornelia.sachau@hmmh.de>
Date:   Fri Dec 9 11:05:27 2022 +0100

    feat(ssh): discourse -> digression, rephrase leaked ppk

commit 542551d2f36de04c561eedd47ec847b6dfc82287
Author: Simon Knittel <Simon.Knittel@hmmh.de>
Date:   Fri Dec 9 10:59:30 2022 +0100

    Applied suggestion

commit df7c9092b04e23d827dcd1280456cd09064aae90
Author: Simon Knittel <Simon.Knittel@hmmh.de>
Date:   Fri Dec 9 10:58:55 2022 +0100

    Applied suggestion

commit ebfa9f7f30a7776ea140eb8aaf7460bf62cc74f9
Author: Simon Knittel <Simon.Knittel@hmmh.de>
Date:   Fri Dec 9 10:58:39 2022 +0100

    Applied suggestion

commit c6908c26c932d6f4ce991a2b7d553a1562385d08
Author: Simon Knittel <Simon.Knittel@hmmh.de>
Date:   Fri Dec 9 10:58:25 2022 +0100

    Applied suggestion

commit 6e1ac0cab42ce82cf7ca192c1a98e1f92fd0bf37
Author: Simon Knittel <Simon.Knittel@hmmh.de>
Date:   Fri Dec 9 10:57:42 2022 +0100

    Applied suggestion

commit ccb8e5a1b7732e3cb2dd3ef6bbfaceac6a66aaa6
Author: Cornelia <cornelia.sachau@hmmh.de>
Date:   Fri Dec 9 09:56:41 2022 +0100

    feat(ssh): add ssh discourse

README.md, after:

# Git Training

- ... covers the basics of Git and how to work with it.
- ... includes examples for Git's command line interface (CLI) and the Git GUI [Fork](https://git-fork.com/).
- ... lists useful Visual Studio Code (VS Code) extensions.

## Prerequisites

1. Set up an account on the company's Bitbucket (or another Version Control System (VCS)).
2. Set up [Fork](https://git-fork.com/) or another Git GUI.
3. Set up a personal account on a VCS (e.g. GitHub).
4. Create an SSH key and connect it to your Bitbucket and GitHub accounts and Git GUI. Refer to the [SSH digression](docs/digression_ssh.md) for more information.
5. Install and setup VS Code (or another IDE).

## Table of Contents

- [What is Git?](docs/what-is-git.md)
- [Repository](docs/repository.md)
- [Branches](docs/branches.md)
  - What is a branch and what does it do?
  - Local vs remote branches
  - Working with branches (`git branch` & `git checkout`)
- [Workflow: Making changes](docs/workflow-making-changes.md)
  - Staging changes (`git add`)
  - Keeping an overview
    - Status of current changes (`git status`)
    - History (`git log`)
    - Details per line (`git blame`)
  - Committing changes (`git commit`)
    - Amending changes to previous commits (`--amend`)
  - Stashing changes (`git stash`)
  - Comparing changes (`git diff`)
  - Reset (`git reset`) *#advanced*
  - Revert (`git revert`) *#advanced* *#caution (ask a peer for support)*
- Workflow: Synchronizing changes
  - Fetch vs Pull (`git fetch` & `git pull`)
  - Push & Force Push (`git push`)
  - Rebase (`git rebase`)
  - Dealing with merge conflicts
  - Tags (`git tag`)
  - Cherry picking (`git cherry-pick`)
- Best Practices
  - Git-flow
  - Conventional commits
  - VS Code extensions
- [Glossary](docs/glossary.md)

## Further resources

- [Learn Git Branching](https://learngitbranching.js.org/)
: an interactive tutorial in the **browser** for working with Git
- [Oh My Git!](https://ohmygit.org/)
: a game for learning git
- [Git's guide](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2)
: the official written guide - very detailed, also available in [German](https://git-scm.com/book/de/v2) and other languages
- [Atlassian's guide](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/setting-up-a-repository)
: a written guide with many examples
